 that Ayane’s father and butler live there, I don’t know if I’ll be able to have as much...alone time with anyone as I’d like."
        "But it’s a mansion, right? I’m sure there’s some...hidden bookcase-door or something that I can disappear into with someone if I really want."
    else:
        "Like, what if I get lost and can't find my way back to the party and get really scared and then cry a lot?"

    scene black
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        "I close my eyes and think of the many horrible things that are bound to happen over the next two days, trying to drown them out with thoughts of scantily dressed girls."
        "It’s only a matter of time until I start getting roped into more uncomfortable conversations where I need to conceal my relationships with pretty much everyone in the class inside of one confined space."
        "It’s actually kind of nerve-wracking when I put it that way. "
        "But if there’s anything I can be associated with, it’s danger."
        "Just kidding."
        "I’m not really an exciting person."
        "But you already know that."
        "Either way, I’m suddenly looking forward to the next couple days. "
        "Unfortunately, it looks like it’s going to start with a large hit to my wallet."
    else:
        "I close my eyes and think of the many horrible things that are bound to happen over the next two days."
        "Hopefully, Ayane will have a tour guide who can hold my hand or something."

    "........."
    "......"
    "..."

    $ totaldays += 1
    $ day = 6
    if day == 6:
        hide friday onlayer date
        show saturday onlayer date

    "{i}[totaldays] Days have passed...{/i}"
    "{i}Roughly twelve hours and forty-three minutes later...{/i}"

    scene halloweenmall1
    with dissolve

    "Just as planned last night, Ayane and Sana show up at the house first thing in the morning and I am forcefully dragged out of bed and into the chaperone position."
    "As soon as we get to the mall, the girls make a beeline to a familiar clothing store that...apparently also sells Halloween stuff?"
    "Or at least, that’s what I expected when they came here first."
    "Actually looking around, I don’t see anything out of the ordinary whatsoever."

    s "Ami, why are we here? Isn’t there an actual costume shop at the mall?"
    a "Well...yeah. "
    a "But you seemed worried about spending too much money yesterday, so I’m probably just going to buy a few small accessories here and kind of..."
    a "I don’t know, throw something together maybe?"
    s "You’re going to make your own costume?"
    s "Isn’t Halloween tomorrow? That seems kind of rushed."

    scene halloweenmall2
    with dissolve

    a "Yeah, but I don’t want to bother you when you already let me live there for free and stuff..."

    if bonus == True:
        s "I’m your legal guardian. I think at least that much is expected of me."
    else:
        s "You are my accountant and I do not pay your salary. The least I can do is this."

    a "It’s fine, really. I make costumes with Molly and stuff all the time. "
    a "If I really can’t throw anything together on time, I can just have her help me. She's pretty amazing when it comes to that stuff."
    a "I’ll probably just wind up being an anime character or something anyway."
    a "And I’m pretty sure the Halloween shop doesn’t carry those because of copyright stuff."

    scene halloweenmall3
    with dissolve

    c "Heya! You guys are up early today!"

    "Chika suddenly shows up, which I guess was bound to happen on account of her working here, and wastes no time in pointing out that...yes, it is very early."

    s "Halloween shopping."

    scene halloweenmall4
    with dissolve

    c "Here? Strange choice."
    c "You know there’s a-"

    scene halloweenmall5
    with dissolve

    a "We know. I just need a few accessories and stuff. I'm making my own costume this year."

    scene halloweenmall6
    with dissolve

    c "Oh, awesome! Is this for the thing at Ayane’s place?"
    a "Mhm~ Were you coming too, Chika?"
    c "You know it. I already bought my costume and stuff, but I’m still trying to figure out a way to get Yumi to come as well."
    s "You could always just...{i}not{/i} do that instead."

    scene halloweenmall7
    with dissolve

    c "Don’t be mean. She’s not even here to defend herself."
    a "Heh...Well...at least I don’t have to worry about {i}Yumi{/i} stealing you, apparently..."
    c "You know Yumi’s birthday is on Halloween, right? I can’t just not include her."
    c "Do you have any idea how depressing it is to be alone on your birthday AND Halloween at once? That's like, mega-depressing."
    s "It’s not depressing if she has Chinami. Just put those two together again."

    scene halloweenmall8
    with dissolve

    c "See, the thing is that Chinami’s never really experienced Halloween before, so it would be just another day for her."
    s "To be fair, she gets her own personal Halloween every time she comes to the mall."
    c "Is that a dog-mask joke?"
    s "Yeah, that’s a dog-mask joke."
    a "Can we, umm...not talk about the dog mask? I’m still a little shocked after seeing my [uncle] walking around holding hands with a small girl dressed as a dog."
    a "Not really a thing I ever wanted to see."

    scene halloweenmall9
    with dissolve

    c "You guys...held hands?"
    s "..."
    a "..."

    "You know, now that I think about it, that part probably wasn’t necessary and I’m sure it sounds weird to hear out of nowhere."

    s "I probably shouldn’t have done that, should I?"

    scene halloweenmall10
    with dissolve

    a "Yeah, you really shouldn’t have. It was weird."
    c "Nononono! It’s totally fine! I’m just surprised she let you hold her hand in the first place!"
    c "She’s normally super careful about touching people she’s not familiar with."
    a "Sensei, why is a girl that small so familiar with you?"
    s "Ami, don’t you need to be shopping right now?"
    s "Sana and Ayane have just been browsing since we walked in and I’m pretty sure they’re waiting for you to finish."

    scene halloweenmall11
    with dissolve

    c "R-Right! You still need to buy stuff!"
    c "Sorry. I don’t normally get visitors this early so I got a little wrapped up in chatting."
    a "It’s fine. Sensei was just leaving anyway."
    s "I was?"
    a "Mhm. Right after you give me your credit card."
    s "Who do you think you’re talking to, Ami?"
    a "A loser. "
    a "Card, please."

    "I sigh to myself and pull my credit card out of my wallet, handing it over to Ami as I am incredibly weak to her for reasons beyond my comprehension."
    "The power of [niece]s, I guess."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    s "I guess I’m leaving now?..."
    a "Yup! Can you meet us at the food court in like thirty minutes?"
    s "But what am I supposed to do until then? I came here with you guys."
    a "You’ll find something~"
    c "Sensei! Could you bring me back something from the Chinese place, pleeeeease? I forgot to pack something for lunch sooo...thank you~"
    s "Why does everyone always expect me to buy them things?"
    ay "Sensei! If you’re buying us things, can you stop at Asteriskbucks and get me an iced coffee?"
    ay "Thank you and I love you!"
    s "No, Ayane. You’re rich. Buy your own coffee."
    s "I’ll get one for Sana, though."
    sa "W-What? But I...don’t even like...coffee..."

    scene halloweenmall12
    with dissolve2

    "I don’t make it more than two minutes away from Chika’s boutique before bumping into two more familiar faces."
    "They don’t appear to have any bags with them, so I come to the conclusion that there can only be one thing that brought them here today."

    s "Why are you two spying on me?"
    sar "..."
    h "...What?"
    s "Oh. Never mind."
    s "I just didn’t see any bags."
    h "So...you decided we were spying on you?"
    sar "It was Haru-chan’s idea. I told her it was a bad one, but she wouldn’t listen."
    sar "In fact, she’s been bullying me all morning. Please come save me, Sensei~"

    scene halloweenmall13
    with dissolve

    h "You’re a really bad actor. You know that?"
    sar "Yes, but I’m cute so I can get away with it."
    s "So, if you two aren’t here spying on me, what are you up to exactly?"

    scene halloweenmall14
    with dissolve

    sar "Halloween shopping!"
    sar "We’re going to buy sexy outfits and get drunk at my place tonight."
    s "That just sounds like a normal night but with sexy outfits added into the mixture."
    sar "I know. Great, right?"

    scene halloweenmall14
    with dissolve

    sar "I’m going to make myself feel good by dressing as one of those sexy nurses you always see around Halloween and Haru-chan is..."
    sar "Doing something with Maki? What was it again? A cat?"

    scene halloweenmall15
    with dissolve

    h "Nyaa~"

    scene halloweenmall16
    with dissolve

    h "I can’t believe I just did that in public. Please kill me."
    sar "Do it again, do it again! "
    s "Yes, please do it again."

    scene halloweenmall17
    with dissolve

    h "I’ll do it plenty more times if you come hang out with us tonight!"
    s "I was beginning to worry that you two weren’t going to ask me."
    sar "Of course we were going to ask you. We were actually just talking about you before you showed up."
    s "Good things, I hope?"
    sar "Are there any bad ones?"
    s "Oh yeah. Tons."
    s "For starters, I’m here with your daughter right now."

    scene halloweenmall18
    with dissolve

    sar "Uhh...what?"
    s "That sounded worse than I wanted it to. "
    sar "What...are you two doing? Where is she?"
    s "Costume shopping with my [niece] and Ayane."

    scene halloweenmall19
    with dissolve

    sar "Oh."
    sar "Well...I guess it makes sense why you’re walking around by yourself then, at least."
    sar "But that’s just one more reason you should come to my place tonight. "
    h "She’s got a point. Don’t you spend like, every waking moment surrounded by [teenage]girls?"
    s "I see no problem with this."
    h "Well it’s just like...don’t you want to hang out with people your own age every once in a while?"

    "Well...it’s true that people my age are less loud but-"
    "Wait a minute. That isn’t true at all. "
    "Sara and Haruka are two of the loudest people I know when they get drunk."
    "But...two drunk women in the same room...with a third in Maki..."

    s "Yeah. Count me in."
    s "I don’t think the girls’ Halloween party is until tomorrow night, so I should be free."

    scene halloweenmall20
    with dissolve

    h "You’re even going to their Halloween party?"
    s "I’m the guest of honor. Probably."
    sar "You can be the guest of honor at the bar, too!"
    sar "You’ll be the only boy, so it makes sense. "

    if bonus == True:
        sar "Now there’s just the issue of finding a temporary bartender since I don’t want Sana hanging around three horny drunk women all night."
    else:
        sar "Of course, if my son was never murdered you wouldn't be the {i}only{/i} boy. But that's a story for another day."

    s "I’m glad to see you’re wearing your mom-hat today."

    scene halloweenmall21
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        h "Okay then. I guess we’re going to ignore the fact that she just called all of us horny."
        h "This is fine."
    else:
        h "Wait. I feel like we probably shouldn't just ignore-"

    s "Why can’t you just tend the bar, Sara? "

    scene halloweenmall22
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        sar "I want to get drunk and eat candy and feel pretty and sit on your lap!"
        s "If you sit on my lap, won’t the other two girls get jealous?"
    else:
        sar "I want to get drunk and eat candy and feel pretty and talk about my son!"
        s "You can't talk about that until later in the game."

    h "Do they not realize I’m still here? Should I clap or something?"

    scene halloweenmall23
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        sar "So what if they get jealous? I’ll be Nurse Sara tonight. Sitting on your lap is the only way to cure your chronic illness."
        s "You would not have lasted very long in medical[school]."

        scene halloweenmall24
        with dissolve

        h "Okay, I’m gonna just step in and say it’s not really the best idea to start talking about sitting on his lap when your daughter could show up at any moment."
        sar "Oooh? Sounds to me like someone is jealous."
        sar "Do you want to sit on his lap too, Haru-chan?"

        if harukafirstlust == True:
            scene halloweenmall25
            with dissolve

            h "Uhhh..."

            "Oh, she’s done a lot more than just sit on my lap, Sara."

        scene halloweenmall25
        with dissolve

        h "Even if I did, it’s not like I’d say anything about it in public. "
        sar "Aww, come on~ You can be his little lap-cat and cuddle up really close."
        sar "I bet you purr {i}really{/i} loudly...don’t you, kitty?"
    else:
        sar "I miss him every day."

    scene halloweenmall26
    with dissolve

    h "Okay, time to go. "
    h "I have to go take over a shift at the cafe soon anyway."

    scene halloweenmall27
    with dissolve

    sar "Boo~ Haru-chan is making me say goodbye early. "
    sar "You’ll come tonight, though. Right?"
    sar "Nurse Sara will be really sad if you don’t."

    if bonus == True:
        h "Oh, he’ll come alright."
        h "..."
        sar "..."
        h "I really didn’t want that to sound sexual and I’m sorry."
        sar "Can you keep an eye out for a spare bartender for us, Sensei?"
        sar "I’ll do it if I reaaaaaaally need to, but I wanna relaaaaaax."

        "Sara begins to sound like a kid on the verge of a temper-tantrum."
        "She {i}does{/i} work almost every night. And even if she’s doing virtually nothing for most of those shifts, it would probably still be good for her to get some rest."

        s "I’ll keep an eye out, but I only know like...two and a half bartenders."
        h "How do you know half of a bartender?"
        s "The third one isn’t really...all-there."
        h "...Okay, well we’re gonna go."
        s "Right. See you later. "
        sar "Bye, Sensei. I’ll miss you~"
    else:
        s "I don't know. You're acting rather weird right now and I'd be lying if I said it didn't make me a little uncomfortable."
        sar "Was it all of the stuff about my dead son?"
        s "Yes."
        s "Anyway, bye."
        sar "Aren't you going to at least hug me first?"
        s "Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."
        sar ".......?"

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    if bonus == False:
        "I slowly back away from Sara and hope that she doesn't notice me."
        "She does."
        "She also forgets to mention anything about needing to find a temporary bartender for the night, but I know she needs one since {i}I am from the future.{/i}"

    "I continue to walk aimlessly around the mall for another few minutes before heading to the food court to meet up with the girls."
    "They all eat lunch while I sit there and ponder over exactly what’s going to happen tonight."
    "And, of course, I forget to buy Chika’s..."
    "..."
    "Wait, what was it she wanted again?"

    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ haruka_love += 1
    $ sara_love += 1
    $ halloween2 = True
    stop music fadeout 5.0

    "{i}Sara's affection has increased to [sara_love]!{/i}"
    "{i}Haruka's affection has increased to [haruka_love]!{/i}"
    "........."
    "......"
    "..."
    "{i}An hour or so later...{/i}"

label halloween3:
    scene street_noon
    with dissolve
    play music "normalday.mp3"

    "I wind up releasing myself from the custody of my [niece] and her friends shortly after we leave the mall."
    "Not wanting to head back to the house to watch Ami make her costume, I decide to go for a walk around town instead."
    "I’m not really sure what time Sara and Haruka were expecting me to come over tonight, so I guess I just have to kill time until whenever that is."
    "And what better way to kill time than scavenging the city for other girls I know?"
    "I mean, sure, Kumon-mi is a pretty big place- but I always manage to run into one of the like, twenty people I know somehow or another."
    "I’m sure something convenient like that is bound to happen again at any moment."

    r "Woah! What a crazy coincidence! Sensei is here!"

    scene rinfutababistro1
    with dissolve

    "I turn around to find Rin and Futaba eating lunch at the bistro Ami and Maya like to hang out at."
    "It’s not normal that I find anyone here on the weekend since this place is between the dorms and the[school], but I guess there’s no limit on when people are allowed to eat."

    s "Hey. What are you two up to?"
    r "What’s it look like we’re up to? We’re having lunch."
    f "Would you care to join us, Sensei?"
    s "Oh, no. I actually just ate at the mall with Ami and some of the others."

    scene rinfutababistro2
    with dissolve

    r "Oh, you were with them, too?"
    r "I texted Sana a little while ago to see if she wanted to come with us but she said she was busy."
    s "You two have been together the whole day then, I’m assuming?"

    scene rinfutababistro3
    with dissolve

    f "Right. We just finished putting our costumes together for the Halloween party tomorrow."
    s "Putting together as in...making them?"
    r "That’s right!"
    s "Why is everyone suddenly making their own costumes? Whatever happened to buying stuff?"
    f "Well, we’re actually wearing costumes that...we wore to some other event last year but-"
    f "Our sizes have, umm, kind of changed...so we were adjusting them."
    r "I have boobs now! It’s sweet!"
    s "Yes, Rin. That is very sweet. "

    scene rinfutababistro4
    with dissolve

    f "And I...have somehow grown in that department as well."
    r "Wack."
    r "At this rate, those things are gonna take over Kumon-mi one day. "
    s "Don’t worry. I’ll defend the city."
    f "I don’t know what you plan on doing exactly, but I don’t think the city will need actual defending any time soon."
    s "Sure. {i}But when it does.{/i}"
    f "...Thank you for the support."

    scene rinfutababistro2
    with dissolve

    r "Are you going to be dressing up, Sensei?"
    s "Do I look like the type to dress up?"
    r "No, you look like a total buzzkill."
    s "Correct. I am a total buzzkill and will only be coming to see how everyone else is dressed up."
    s "I’d probably never hear the end of it from any of you if I actually wore a costume."

    if bonus == True:
        r "So you’re going to come to a party with a bunch of [teenage]girls in costumes and just stare at them all night dressed as a normal dude?"
        s "That’s the plan."
    else:
        "That's what I {i}say{/i}...but the real reason is that I'd look way too cute in my costume and it would make all of the girls jealous."

        r "You're really going to come to a party with a bunch of collegiate age females and just...not dress up as anything?"
        s "Yes."

    r "Yeah, that checks out. Have fun."
    s "I’ll do my best."
    k "Friend!"

    "An unmistakable voice cries out from not-far-behind me and, before I know it, the owner of said voice joins us at the table."

    scene rinfutababistro5
    with dissolve

    k "I appeared at this large wooden circle to check on the guests, but I am now more excited to be seeing you instead!"
    k "Welcome back! Will you be consuming hot meat today?"
    s "Thanks, Kaori, but I just ate a little while ago."
    k "I understand! Please inform me if the wisdom juices in your brain begin to flow differently and cause you hunger."
    s "I will...be sure to do that."

    scene rinfutababistro6
    with dissolve

    r "When did...you and Kaori get so close? Didn’t she call you something like Hamburger Man the last time we saw her?"
    f "Hamburger Man?..."
    s "It’s a long story and probably not worth telling."
    r "The name “Friend” seems like a pretty big jump. How many steps are there between...food and friends, exactly?"

    scene rinfutababistro7
    with dissolve

    k "One! "
    k "Which is also the amount of friends I possess now!"
    k "All I need is an animal companion and my quest for eternal joy will be complete!"
    s "Yeah, after our first {i}date{/i}, Kaori warmed up to me very quickly."

    scene rinfutababistro8
    with dissolve

    r "Y-You went on a d-d-d-date with Kaori?!"
    r "And I wasn’t invited?!"
    f "Sensei...Are you and this girl..."
    k "Why must you speak misleading words to this pair of [young]females?!"
    s "What did I do wrong? You invited me on a date to the diner, didn’t you?"
    k "Before I knew what the meaning of a human-date was!"
    r "It was a {i}human{/i} date, too?!"
    s "What else would it even be, Rin?"
    r "I don’t know but I’m still jealous!"
    f "Uhh...like I was asking, are you and this girl perhaps...in a relationship, Sensei?"
    s "N-"

    scene rinfutababistro9
    with dissolve

    k "Yes."
    s "Oh."
    f "...Pardon?"
    k "We are in a relationship."
    s "Kaori, I don’t think that’s what Futaba means."
    k "Silence, Friend. I may not be advanced in terms of conversation yet, but even I understand the meaning of the word “relationship.”"
    s "Do you really, though?"
    f "Umm...could you maybe explain what...{i}type{/i} of relationship the two of you have?..."
    k "All I will tell you is that it involves a lot of meat."

    scene rinfutababistro10
    with dissolve

    r "How far have you two gone in such a short amount of time?!"
    f "A lot of...meat?! Then...that means-"
    k "Only I can handle this man’s meat. "
    k "If you attempt to challenge me, you will be destroyed."

    scene rinfutababistro11
    with dissolve

    r "OH GOD I’VE MISSED SO MUCH!"
    f "S-Sensei! Does she really...h-h-h-h-handle your...meat?..."
    f "And if she does then...w-w-w-why is she so...up-front about it?!"
    k "Go on, Friend! Explain to the stripey-girl how quickly the hot meat comes when I am the one handling it."
    s "..."

    scene rinfutababistro12
    with dissolve

    r "Wow! Is it, uhh...getting kind of hot out here? It is, right? So hot...Hahaha...hah..."
    k "Friend! Explain the circumstances!"
    s "On second thought, why don’t you just show them, Kaori?"

    scene rinfutababistro13
    with dissolve

    f "Show us?! R-Right now?!"

    scene rinfutababistro14
    with hpunch

    r "YES. RIGHT NOW."
    f "..."
    k "..."

    scene rinfutababistro15
    with dissolve

    r "Oh. Umm..."
    r "Sorry."
    r "Got a little carried away there."
    r "I’m good now."
    f "I’m...surprised by how open you are to this, Rin..."
    r "Open to what? I’m just hanging out and eating sushi with my best friend, my teacher, and one of the hottest girls in Kumon-mi."
    r "I mean Kaori. Who I am totally not attracted to."
    r "Unless she wants me to be."
    r "In that case, I totally am."
    k "I know not what this talk of attraction is, but I will now make the necessary preparations for the meat."
    k "I will return in roughly one human-minute."

    scene rinfutababistro16
    with dissolve

    "Kaori gets up and basically sprints away from the table, disappearing into the kitchen."
    "A series of extremely loud noises follows as she...makes the {i}necessary preparations...{/i}"

    f "Sensei...I don’t know if I’m comfortable watching this..."
    f "Especially...outside..."
    r "Umm, okay. So, I’m obviously not experienced in this department, but...what preparations need to be made, exactly?"
    r "I thought it was as simple as just kinda...you know, tugging it a little. And stuff."
    r "Also, is it okay if I take my phone out for this? Just for research, obviously."

    "You know, as...difficult as Kaori is to understand at times, I’m glad she’s able to create moments like this."

    if bonus == True:
        "One simple misunderstanding has lead me to discovering that one of my students wants to film me receiving a handjob-"
        "And the other is blushing like a maniac and seems to be more worried about being caught than someone else actually touching me."
    else:
        "I just wish they'd be less suggestive, because even if they are only jokes, that sort of conduct makes me feel rather icky."

    k "The meat has come!"

    scene rinfutababistro17
    with hpunch

    r "The meat has come!~"

    scene rinfutababistro18
    with dissolve

    r "Wait, already? But she didn’t even..."

    scene rinfutababistro19
    with dissolve

    k "Hehehehe...feast your eyes upon the magnificence that is the Queen of Spiders!"
    k "I informed you pitiful humans of my skills, and yet you continued to doubt me!"
    k "The man is mine! The meat has come!"
    r "Ha...hahaha...the meat...has come..."
    r "Hahah...haha...hah...hah..."
    r "Kill me."
    f "This...is a bit of a shock."

    scene rinfutababistro20
    with dissolve

    k "Your enormous breasts can not compete with my meat-handling abilities."
    f "..."
    f "Can you call it something else, please?"
    r "The meat...has come..."
    s "Well, now that that’s out of the way...Kaori, this is Futaba. Futaba, this is Kaori."
    f "Yes...she introduced herself earlier when we ordered..."
    f "Before I was made aware of how frequently she...handles your meat."
    s "Didn’t you just ask her to stop saying that?"
    f "I honestly don’t even care anymore. I’m going right to sleep when I get home."
    s "Yeah, I’m pretty sure Rin is too."
    r "The meat..."
    r "It..."
    r "It came..."

    scene rinfutababistro21
    with dissolve

    f "Yes it did, Rin."
    f "Yes it did."

    scene rinfutababistro22
    with dissolve

    k "Friend!"
    k "Did I do a good job? "
    s "You did a very good job, Kaori. You just need to work on how you make the other girls feel."
    k "But you are {i}my{/i} friend."
    s "I’m their friend too. And their teacher."
    k "I understand. But you are {i}my{/i} friend."
    s "Is there something about having multiple friends that confuses you?"
    k "There are many things that confuse me. Humans are strange."
    k "I just don’t want you to get too many friends and forget about me."

    "Oh no."
    "I think my heart might have just...felt something."
    "I didn’t realize it could do that."

    s "I’m not going to forget about you if I get more friends, Kaori."
    s "Actually, I’m pretty sure it wouldn’t be possible to forget someone as...unique as you in the first place."
    k "Will trusting your words make me a better friend?"
    s "I think that’s how it normally works, yes."
    k "Then I will do as you tell me."
    k "But the second you demand I remove my clothes, I draw a circle."

    scene rinfutababistro23
    with dissolve

    r "Okay, I’m back."
    s "I believe the phrase you’re looking for is “Draw the line,” Kaori. And I’m not going to demand that you remove your clothes."
    k "Good. Because your eyes ignited like fire when cute-skull-girl informed you of my instant gram."

    scene rinfutababistro24
    with dissolve

    r "BRB DYING AGAIN. KAORI CALLED ME CUTE."

    s "I still don’t understand why you set that account up if you were just going to delete it."
    k "I do not understand why you like hot meat sandwiches so much, but I do not try to change you."
    k "I enjoy you the way you are! Seemingly normal and slightly kind! And good at selling humans!"
    k "This may come in handy!"
    s "I’m not good at selling- Wait, why would that ever come in handy?"
    k "You will have to tell me. You are the experienced one. "
    k "I just serve food and beverages."

    "Wait a second."
    "Food and beverages..."
    "I was just thinking about Kaori earlier when I told Sara and Haruka about the “two and a half bartenders” I know."
    "Maybe they’ll be okay with receiving half of a bartender after all?"

    s "Kaori, what are you doing tonight? "
    k "Counting the rocks outside of my apartment. Why do you ask?"
    s "I was wondering if-"
    s "Wait, what?"
    k "...?"
    s "..."
    s "I was wondering if you’d want to come work at a bar."

    scene rinfutababistro25
    with dissolve

    k "But I already work at a bar. Wouldn’t that be a...conflict of insect?"
    s "Conflict of interest. And yes, I guess it kind of would be."
    s "But you work at multiple restaurants, so I don’t see what the big deal is."
    s "It would just be for tonight. A friend of mine is having a Halloween party and needs someone to cover the counter."
    k "But I already told you that you can’t have any more friends."
    s "Didn’t we move past that?"
    k "Oh, yes. We did. I accept your apology."
    s "You’re the one who is supposed to- Actually, never mind. Can you do it or not? I kind of told them I’d find someone to help."
    k "Can you first explain what a Halloween party is? This is not a combination of words that I am familiar with."
    s "It’s just...a party for Halloween."
    k "What is a ‘Halloween?’"

    scene rinfutababistro26
    with dissolve

    r "Halloween is like...an event where people dress up in costumes and get drunk and...eat and stuff."
    k "Costumes? Why would they do that?"
    r "I think it’s something about...celebrating the dead? Maybe?"
    k "Why would we celebrate the dead? They are dead. They can not dance or consume dizzy-drinks."
    f "Where did you find this girl?"
    f "Is she even human?"
    s "I honestly haven’t figured that out yet."

    scene rinfutababistro27
    with dissolve

    r "Uhh...could I get a little help here?"
    k "Friend, what is so special about dead people? What is the need to celebrate them?"
    k "Do I need to acquire a costume to work at this bar?"
    s "I’m just going to answer the last question because the first two are a little too heavy for me."
    s "You don’t need a costume. You just have to grab beers out of the cooler and pour glasses of wine."
    k "I can accomplish these tasks."
    k "But I ask for one thing in return."
    s "If it’s to be paid, I’m pretty sure the bar-owner is going to handle that."
    k "I require no money."
    k "But I would like to go for a walk with you."
    s "Oh. Well, yeah. That’s easy enough. I can do that."
    s "When?"

    scene rinfutababistro28
    with dissolve

    k "In seventeen minutes and twenty-three seconds when I get off of work."
    s "Why do you know the exact amount of time?"
    k "I know many specific things!"
    k "Like how many threads are in my bed sheets! And how many calories are in a pint of frozen milk-sweets!"
    s "Ice cream. And those are things that are printed on the containers they come in."
    k "Will you walk with me or will you betray my trust?"
    s "Sure, Kaori. I will wait the seventeen minutes and-"
    k "Sixteen now."
    s "I will wait the sixteen minutes and go for a walk with you."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    "Kaori smiles and pushes my burger (That I apparently have to eat now) closer to me before running back into the bistro."

    if bonus == True:
        "Futaba and Rin both glare at me with extremely confused looks on their faces before sighing to themselves and remembering that I will willingly spend time with any female despite their...curiosities."
        "Actually, it’s possible that Rin was only sighing due to jealousy. But Futaba was definitely sighing out of pure exhaustion."
        "I can’t blame her, though."

    "Just being around Kaori is enough to tire most people out."
    "Which is exactly why I close my eyes and take several deep breaths as I step away from the table with Rin and Futaba."
    "From here on out, the day is only going to get more tiring."
    "But I guess that’s just the tradeoff you get in exchange for time alone with an adorable, probably-human (???) girl."

    stop music fadeout 5.0
    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ halloween3 = True

    "........."
    "......"
    "..."

label halloween4:
    k "Friend! I have returned!"

    scene kaorihalloween1
    with dissolve
    play music "happyandplotting.mp3" fadein 5.0

    "Kaori trots over to me shortly after Rin and Futaba get on the bus and, to my surprise, she’s wearing a brand new outfit."
    "Did she really get changed just to go for a walk?"
    "And why does she even want to go for a walk in the first place?"
    "Is this an actual date all of a sudden?"

    s "Hey. New clothes?"
    k "Yes! My other clothes became all squish-squooshy after turning the dishes clean!"
    s "The correct word is “wet” for future reference."
    k "Squish-squooshy is better! Use my word instead!"
    s "Fine, Kaori."
    s "So, where are we going?"
    k "Places! "
    s "And is there any reason in particular you want to go to “places” with me?"
    k "I want you to teach me more about humans!"
    k "Today, an angry woman customer yelled at me for the way I speak! It was quite frightening!"
    k "And so I must work hard to obtain the proper knowledge that will prevent me from hurting anyone’s feelings hundreds of years from now when I am finally prepared."
    s "If you’re talking in dog years again, which I’m assuming you are, I can’t imagine it will take that long."

    scene kaorihalloween2
    with dissolve

    k "Really? You think I will be able to master human conversation so quickly?"
    k "Are teachers really that powerful?"
    s "No, I just have a lot of faith in you for reasons beyond my comprehension."
    k "Faith? In the Queen of Spiders? I’m shocked."
    s "I am too, to be honest. You haven’t really done anything to deserve it, really."
    k "Is this what humans call “flirting?”"
    k "Are you attempting to woo me because I am suddenly wearing tight-fitting fabric? Must I remove my clothes a second time and exchange them for yet another pair?"
    s "I don’t think that will be necessary."

    scene kaorihalloween1
    with dissolve

    k "I understand! I am overjoyed to hear this because I did not bring another pair with me today."
    s "I didn’t imagine you did. Bringing two changes of clothes to work would be strange even for you."
    s "So, where are these {i}places{/i} you want to go, Kaori?"
    k "Good question, Friend!"
    k "Tell me, have you ever heard of “chickens” before?"
    s "As a matter of fact, I have."
    k "Would your body be consumed by excitement if I told you there was a place with many chickens?"
    s "Not really, no."

    scene kaorihalloween3
    with dissolve

    k "There is nothing to fear, Friend!"
    k "I was afraid at first as well, but everything will be okay! They are kind animals!"
    k "And they make such strange noises! Like...BACAWK and...SQUAWK!"
    s "..."

    scene kaorihalloween4
    with dissolve

    k "Do not worry. I will protect you."
    k "The spider is a natural predator of the chicken."
    s "No it isn’t, Kaori. That’s not a thing."

    scene kaorihalloween5
    with dissolve

    k "It is! I will show you! "
    k "All you must do is follow me into a nearby alleyway three squares from here!"
    s "Do you mean three blocks?"
    k "Squares and blocks are the same! I will not be deceived by a man who fears chickens!"
    s "I don’t fear-"
    s "Actually, fine. I’ll follow you to the sketchy chicken alleyway."

    scene black
    with dissolve

    "Kaori quickly walks up to my side and points in the direction we’ll be heading to make it to the mysterious abundance of chickens."
    "It’s not exactly what I had in mind for our first “date,” but I guess it fits in with Kaori’s image."
    "Whatever that image may be."
    "I’ll honestly just accept anything she does as normal at this point. "
    "And if she just-so-happened to have found a nearby chicken coop or something, I see no harm in going there with her if it will make her happy."

    scene kaorihalloween6
    with dissolve

    k "So, this bar you speak of- does it have a name?"
    s "I...actually don’t know."
    s "Sara’s Bar, I guess? We can just call it that."
    k "Sara? What is a Sara?"
    s "Sara is a friend of mine who owns the bar. She’s the one you’ll be covering for."
    k "I need to work extra hours because Sara wants to become dizzy instead of working?"
    k "That is a bad mindset. Humans must work hard if they ever want to own pets."
    s "I don’t think she wants a pet, but I’ll let her know tonight that she’ll have to step it up if she does."

    scene kaorihalloween7
    with dissolve

    k "Thank you! Is this Sara person a very close friend?"
    k "She will not steal you from me, will she?"
    s "Well, tonight she probably will. But not overall."
    k "I will be working tonight, so that is fine. I do not know the rules of “The Sara’s Bar,” but I don’t think I am allowed to have fun while I am pouring liquids into cylinders."
    s "I’m sure you can if you want. Sara’s pretty laid back."
    k "Laid-back? "
    k "Does she need one of those chairs with wheels? I do not know the correct name for them."
    s "Wheelchair. And no."

    scene kaorihalloween8
    with dissolve

    k "Yes! Wheelchair! Like the ones they have in the hospital!"
    s "Are hospitals something you’re familiar with, Kaori?"

    scene kaorihalloween6
    with dissolve

    k "Yes! Such delicious juice they have! And they come in the perfect sized canisters!"
    k "Would you like to visit the hospital with me one day, Friend? If you ask them very politely for the juices, they sometimes give you extra!"
    k "Such a generous location!"
    s "Hospitals aren’t really a place people are supposed to go for juice, Kaori. They have juice in convenience stores."
    k "The convenient juices are too large! It is not convenient at all!"
    k "Hospital-sized juices are ideal for consumption."
    s "But didn’t you just talk about getting extra juices?"
    k "Correct! More juices means more juice. Everyone wins!"
    s "But doesn’t that make it the same as just getting one larger juice from the store?"

    scene kaorihalloween9
    with dissolve

    k "You are acting suspicious, Friend."
    k "You speak so much of the convenient stores that I think you may believe all other stores are inconvenient."
    s "I mean...they kind of are, aren’t they?"
    k "Of course not! You must support all local businesses to do your part in stimulating the economy!"
    s "..."
    s "Are you actually smart, Kaori?"

    scene kaorihalloween6
    with dissolve

    k "Maybe you are just not-smart?"
    k "Juices contain vitamins and may help you retain knowledge, Friend."

    if bonus == True:
        k "It may even help you with your trafficking of the tiny girls."
    else:
        k "It may even help you with your trafficking."

    s "Teaching."
    k "Yes, it may help with that as well. It is very impressive how you can hold two completely different jobs at once."
    s "I only have one job. And don’t you hold like ten?"
    k "If you can carry meat in one place, you can carry meat in others."
    k "Stealing girls is a specialized job that only someone large and attractive like you can manage."
    s "Are you flirting with {i}me{/i} now?"
    k "No, I am offering valuable advice that may help you at some point in the future."
    s "And calling me attractive is really part of that advice?"

    scene kaorihalloween10
    with dissolve

    k "Gah! It is so complicated figuring out the differences between the words I say and the ones in my brain."
    s "It’s fine. I’m glad that you’re thinking about how attractive I am all the time."

    scene kaorihalloween11
    with dissolve

    k "Not all of the time! But yes! Many of the times!"
    k "The chickens are close now!"
    k "We should discuss those instead of my physical attraction to you!"

    "I have to admit, chickens aren’t normally my first pick for a conversation topic, but it wouldn’t be very kind for me to force Kaori into flirting when she has a hard time even thinking straight."

    scene black
    with dissolve

    "Kaori immediately begins shouting out random words and hoping one of them will stick. "
    "The thing is, none of them do because they’re all just that. Random words."
    "None of them are anything that two sane people could discuss without some sort of...overarching topic or question surrounding them."
    "Or I guess, in this case, one sane person and one of...whatever Kaori is."
    "........."
    "......"
    "..."

    scene kaorihalloween12
    with dissolve

    k "Ahh! They’re still here!"
    k "I was worried they would fly away!"
    s "Chickens can’t fly, Kaori."
    k "Not with that attitude!"

    "Kaori walks me into a random alleyway in the middle of some random street and we are suddenly surrounded by a bunch of random chickens."
    "Well, I guess they aren’t entirely random given that she said they would be here."
    "But still, nothing about this situation is normal."

    k "I have returned, feathered friends!"
    foc "*Confused chicken noises*"
    s "What are they doing?"
    k "It appears that they have formed a fellowship and are attempting to communicate with us."
    s "Do you understand them?"
    k "Of course not. They are chickens."
    k "I can barely understand humans, let alone silly looking birds."
    s "Okay, so now what?"
    k "What do you mean?"
    s "What do we do with the chickens?"
    k "We watch them."
    k "This is the only normal friendship-activity I know."
    s "This can hardly be called normal."
    k "Friend, why do you think they have gathered here of all places?"
    k "An alleyway is not fit for chickens. They should be in the sky or a swimming pool."
    s "They can’t swim either, Kaori."
    s "Or...at least I don’t think they can? I honestly have no idea."

    "I scan the alleyway for an actual chicken coop and, sure enough, I find one not more than twenty feet away from us filled with even more chickens."
    "My guess is that there’s a restaurant that uses this alley for smoke breaks or something and these chickens are just...part of their menu."
    "It’s a little odd seeing a man-made chicken coop in a city-alleyway, but at least it’s not totally nonsensical anymore."

    s "They’re probably being bred and raised back here before being killed."

    scene kaorihalloween13
    with dissolve

    k "Killed?..."
    s "Yeah. There’s probably a restaurant back here that just raises their own chickens instead of buying pre-slaughtered ones to save money."
    k "Slaughtered?"
    s "Do you see that chicken coop over there? There are even more inside."
    k "If the chickens are going to be killed, why don’t they just run away?"
    k "Do they not fear death?"
    s "Well...they’re chickens. They’re not really known for their intellect."
    s "They probably just live back here passing the time until, eventually, the manager or owner or whoever else comes back here and snaps their neck."
    s "The girl you met at the ramen shop did the same thing when she was little."

    stop music
    play sound "static.mp3"
    scene kaorihalloween14
    with flash
    stop sound

    k "Disgusting."

    play sound "static.mp3"
    scene kaorihalloween15
    with flash
    stop sound

    s "What was that?"
    k "We should free them. Shouldn’t we?"
    s "That’s not really our choice, is it?"
    s "They belong to whoever owns the restaurant."
    k "No they don’t. They are fun and feathery and belong to everyone."
    k "Do you not see the way they look at you? With admiration in their eyes and fire in their tiny, chickeny hearts?"
    s "They just look like chickens to-"

    play sound "static.mp3"
    scene kaorihalloween14
    with flash
    stop sound

    k "Look harder."

    play sound "static.mp3"
    scene howtowish
    with flash
    stop sound

    "PLAY ME A SONG THAT REMINDS ME OF BETTER DAYS."
    "WRITE ME A HAPPY POEM AND WRAP IT IN SHARED MEMORIES. "
    "THINGS FROM OUR YOUTH."
    "ALLOW ME TO TAKE ALL OF THOSE MEMORIES FROM YOU."
    "I CAN FILL YOU WITH SUCH BEAUTIFUL THINGS. "
    "BETTER MEMORIES."
    "BETTER EVERYTHING."
    "ALL YOU NEED TO DO IS LISTEN. "
    "LISTEN TO ME AND NO ONE BUT ME."
    "STOP LOOKING FOR ANSWERS."
    "PLEASE. "
    "IT WILL ONLY CAUSE YOU PAIN."
    "YOU’LL RELIVE ALL OF THOSE HORRIBLE THINGS."
    "THE SCREECH OF TIRES. "
    "THE WEIGHT OF GOD PRESSING DOWN ON YOUR SHOULDERS AS YOU KNEEL DOWN AND REMOVE STRIPS OF STEEL FROM HER BODY."
    "YOU SAW IT ALL."
    "YOU SEE IT ALL."
    "YOU SAW NOTHING."
    "YOU SEE NOTHING."
    "//////EXIT PATH NOT FOUND FOR CURRENT ROUTE"
    "//////USER2 IS NOW REWRITING KEY EVENTS TO PREVENT APPLICATION FROM BEING TERMINATED"
    "//////.................."
    "/////RESET REQUIRED"
    "/////WORLD CAN ONLY BE PARTIALLY REVERTED"
    "/////PLEASE CONTACT ADMINISTRATOR WITH ANY QUESTIONS"
    "/////USER2 HAS LEFT"

    play sound "static.mp3"
    scene kaorihalloween16
    with flash
    stop sound
    play music "amiawake.mp3"

    k "Friend!"
    k "You are alive!"

    "Out of nowhere, I feel myself on the floor."
    "My legs are weak."
    "My mouth feels numb."

    s "What happened?"
    s "What’s going on?"
    k "You suddenly collapsed! This chicken saved your life!"
    k "It is proof that they must be saved! It is a sign!"
    s "How did a chicken save my life?..."
    k "It just did! Do not ask questions! You are too weak!"
    k "Your head made a very loud sound when you landed but I observed its surface area and found no life-juice."
    k "Are you dizzy? Do you need a wheelchair?"
    s "No...and I doubt you’d have one on hand either way."

    "Despite being on the ground and having apparently hit my head, I don’t feel much of anything."
    "It’s just...a little strange being this close to a chicken."

    scene black
    with dissolve

    "I lift myself off of the ground and several of the other chickens who had gathered around me begin to run back to their coop."

    scene kaorihalloween17
    with dissolve

    k "Can you walk? Must I wrap my arms around your body and support you?"
    s "I can walk. I feel fine actually. "
    s "How long was I out for?"
    k "Twenty-three seconds. I counted."
    k "You should return to your residence and enter sleep-mode. "
    k "There will be more days where we can walk. "
    k "I hope today proved to you that chickens can be good, though."
    k "Please tell me at least that much is true."
    s "Sure, Kaori..."
    s "You need to try and not get attached to things like chickens so quickly, though. People are always going to eat animals whether you like it or not."
    k "I know this. I eat animals."
    k "But these chickens are special! I want to protect them!"
    k "I will use the money I receive from the Sara to free them!"
    s "I don’t know if she’s going to pay you enough to buy out the entire stock of chickens, but I’ll support you however I can, Kaori."

    scene kaorihalloween18
    with dissolve

    k "Thank you, Friend. I will also support you when you decide to obtain a furry companion."
    k "Or a feathery companion, like a chicken."
    k "And then I will come to your house and rub its belly three to seven times a week."
    s "I’m not planning on getting a pet any time soon, but sure. I’ll let my [niece] know."
    k "Your [niece] is the pretty girl with the red hair, yes? She is cute. I like her."
    k "Tell her that I said goodbye."
    k "Sorry, I mean hello. I still confuse those two things."
    s "Sure. I’ll tell her as soon as I get home. "
    s "Do you need the address for the bar tonight? I can text it to you if-"

    if bonus == True:
        k "I will find it on my own. Now go to where you and the tiny girl live and fall asleep!"
    else:
        k "I will find it on my own. Now go to where you and the money girl live and fall asleep!"

    s "...Sure. "
    s "I’ll see you tonight, Kaori."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    "Kaori and I walk out of the alleyway together and go our separate ways."
    "I have no idea what happened to me just now, but there’s a strange sensation somewhere in the back of my mind that feels like it’s trying to claw its way out."

    if bonus == True:
        "I shrug it off and realize that, a few hours from now, I’ll be surrounded by horny drunk women."
        "Here’s hoping I don’t wind up collapsing in the middle of them next."
    else:
        "I shrug it off and realize that, a few hours from now, I'll be with all of my buddies over at the bar."
        "Here's hoping Sara doesn't say anything about her son again!"

    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ kaori_love += 1
    $ halloween4 = True
    $ trinity3 = True
    stop music fadeout 5.0

    "{i}Kaori’s affection has increased to [kaori_love]!{/i}"
    "........."
    "......"
    "..."

label halloween5:
    play sound "dooropen.mp3"

    s "I’m home. "

    "I open the door after a relatively long walk back from my semi-date with Kaori."
    "A date that may or may not have ended with me being closer to a chicken than probably ever before."
    "I’m thankful that I didn’t hit my head too hard, though. "
    "My day would really take a turn for the worse if I started seeing things that weren’t there or something along those lines."

    scene dolphinhome1
    with dissolve2

    s "Oh dear God no."

    play music "normalday.mp3"

    do "Welcome home."
    s "It talks, too?"
    do "...?"

    "Is it possible for a concussion to take this long in order to set in?"
    "Do concussions even cause people to hallucinate?"
    "What sort of medical condition would cause me to see a dolphin in the middle of my living room?"

    do "U-Umm...you look really pale all of a sudden..."
    do "Are you okay?..."
    do "Should I call Ami?..."
    s "Who are you and why do you know my [niece]?"

    scene dolphinhome2
    with dissolve

    "I approach the dolphin."
    "That is not a sentence I imagined I’d be saying today."
    "Or ever."

    do "S-Sensei?..."
    s "You’re no student of mine."
    s "Go back to the sea where you came from."
    do "The...sea?"
    do "..."
    do "Oh!"

    scene dolphinhome3
    with dissolve

    "The dolphin removes its head and I’m suddenly face to face with someone else I don’t know."
    "She looks kind of like Sana, but with one extra eye."

    sal "Um...sorry about that..."
    sal "It probably felt weird...coming home and seeing a dolphin in the living room."
    s "Do I know you?"

    scene dolphinhome4
    with dissolve

    sa "O-Of course you know me! I’m Sana!"
    sa "M-Maybe I should call Ami after all?"
    sa "If you don’t even recognize me, then..."
    s "Oh, Sana. Yeah, I know you."
    s "I’ve just never seen you with your hair not covering your face before."

    scene dolphinhome5
    with dissolve

    sa "Well, it’s...umm...really hot inside of this costume...so I kind of had to pull it back..."
    sa "I hope I don’t look too weird..."
    s "You’re wearing half of a dolphin’s body. Of course you look weird."
    sa "...That’s not what I meant."
    s "Why a dolphin, though? And did you really make this with stuff you bought from the mall?"

    scene dolphinhome6
    with dissolve

    sa "Of course not...I’m not talented enough to make something like this..."
    sa "I...couldn’t find anything I liked at the mall, so I got this from my mom."
    s "Would you mind explaining to me why your mom owns a dolphin suit?"
    sa "I think she got it from...Makoto’s mom..."
    s "I mean, I guess that makes slightly more sense given that we’re dealing with Maki, but I’d still like to know why she owns a thing like this."
    sa "So would I but...I’m not really in the...position to be asking any questions when I just...need a costume."
    sa "Are you...really not going to dress up, Sensei?"
    s "I’m not. I don’t really think something like that suits my personality."
    sa "But...you’re still coming to the party...right?"
    s "Right. I wouldn’t miss the chance to see everyone’s costumes even if it meant the death of me."

    scene dolphinhome7
    with dissolve

    sa "That’s...kind of weird..."
    s "What will be even weirder is if everyone else dresses like some sort of sea creature as well."
    ay "Never fear, Sensei! Behold, my wonderful non-sea-creature costume!"

    scene black
    with dissolve

    "Oh good, Ayane is here."
    "I was beginning to worry that Sana was just alone in my house for some reason."
    "I’m sure Ayane has some sort of slightly provocative costume that she’ll use in her favor to catch my-"

    scene dolphinhome8
    with dissolve

    ay "Mi'lady."
    s "..."
    s "What ever happened to normal costumes?"
    s "Why are two cute [teenage]girls in my house wearing a suit of armor and suit of...dolphin?"

    scene dolphinhome9
    with dissolve

    ay "What’s the matter, Sensei?"

    if bonus == True:
        ay "You weren’t expecting me to be wearing something more...risque, were you?"
        ay "And be careful how you respond. Sana is right next to us and still has virgin ears."
        ay "If we’re going to talk more about what you {i}wish{/i} I was wearing, perhaps we should take this to the bedroom?"

        scene dolphinhome10
        with dissolve

        sa "Umm...my ears aren’t-"
        s "Please tell me that at least Ami and Maya are wearing more...traditional Halloween costumes."
    else:
        ay "Do you hate dolphins, you fucking punk? Because I will hit you if you do."
        sa "..."
        s "Uhh... are Ami and Maya at least wearing more...traditional Halloween costumes?"

    scene dolphinhome11
    with dissolve

    ay "Oh, I don’t really know what Maya is going to be."
    ay "She said she had a plan and that she has everything she needs in the dorm."
    ay "Ami’s just going to be Sailor Moon."
    s "Sailor what?"

    scene dolphinhome12
    with dissolve

    ay "Sailor Moon. From that anime you used to watch with us when we were little."
    ay "That’s when Ami started putting her hair in twintails, remember?"
    ay "Because you always talked about how you thought Sailor Moon was cute and-"

    scene dolphinhome13
    with dissolve

    ay "Wait a minute. That means that she’s trying to get you to think she’s cute with her Halloween costume as well."
    ay "She knew I’d be at a disadvantage since you can’t gaze at my beautiful figure through this suit of armor and is using that against me."
    sa "But...I think...the suit of armor fits you, Ayane..."

    scene dolphinhome14
    with dissolve

    ay "Is that supposed to make me feel good?!"
    ay "Why do I look like I belong in a suit of armor?!"
    s "You could always just go as something else, you know."

    scene dolphinhome13
    with dissolve

    ay "I absolutely can not. Especially after Geoffrey went through the trouble of removing this suit from where it was mounted."
    ay "I owe it to him to follow through with my choice of costume. Even if it’s extremely hard and uncomfortable to walk around in."
    s "If it’s that uncomfortable, just take it off now."
    s "There’s no need to be walking around as a knight twenty-four hours before your party starts."
    s "Same thing with Sana and her dolphin costume."

    scene dolphinhome15
    with dissolve

    ay "That’s true. I suppose now that I’ve confirmed that it fits, there’s no reason for me to stay inside of it anymore."

    if bonus == True:
        ay "Besides, I don’t mind you seeing me in my underwear or anything like that."
        s "You’re...not wearing anything else under that besides your underwear?"
        s "Isn’t the metal...cold? Or uncomfortable?"
        ay "Extremely. I’d much prefer being in Sana’s costume right now."
        ay "She’s also in only her underwear beneath that, but probably much warmer than I am at the moment."
    else:
        ay "Thankfully, I am fully clothed beneath this."
        s "That sounds very hot. But like, temperature hot."
        s "I don't want it to sound like I'm insinuating anything."
        ay "Did you know that Sana is wearing a tuxedo beneath hers?"

    scene dolphinhome16
    with dissolve

    sa "Wh-why are you telling him something like that?!"

    if bonus == True:
        ay "What’s wrong? It’s not like he can see through clothes or anything."
        ay "And if he could, I’m sure he’d much prefer looking at you through your dress rather than through the mascot for Sexy Land."
    else:
        ay "What's wrong? A tuxedo sure beats being the mascot for Sexy Land."

    sa "What the heck is Sexy Land?!"
    ay "Hm? It's the name written over the costume's logo."
    ay "You really didn't notice?"

    scene dolphinhome17
    with dissolve

    sa "Wha-?!"
    sa "Why would someone make a dolphin the mascot for a place called S-S-S-Sexy Land?!"
    sa "This makes no sense!"

    if bonus == True:
        ay "I’ve actually heard that having sex with a dolphin is really close to what it feels like to have sex with a girl."
    else:
        ay "I’ve actually heard that hugging a dolphin is just like hugging a normal girl, except it is a dolphin so it is large and wet and doesn't feel anything like a normal girl."

    scene dolphinhome18
    with dissolve

    sa "WHY IS THAT A THING?!"
    sa "HOW DO THEY KNOW?!"

    if bonus == True:
        ay "Hey, I’m not saying it’s okay to have sex with dolphins."
        ay "I’m just saying that if a guy gets naked, closes his eyes and trips into a dolphin's vagina, he might not know right away."
    else:
        ay "Seems like a pretty reasonable thing to assume."

    sa "WHYAREYOUSTILLTALKINGABOUTTHIS?!"

    scene dolphinhome19
    with dissolve

    s "Maybe it would be good to lay off of Sana for a second."
    s "At least until she comes to terms with exactly what she’s wearing."
    ay "Sounds good to me."

    if bonus == True:
        ay "Would you have sex with a dolphin, Sensei?"
        s "..."
        ay "..."
        s "No?"
    else:
        ay "Would you hug a dolphin, Sensei?"
        s "I would hug anything and everything."

    s "Is that even a real question?"

    if brony == True and bonus == True:
        "I would have sex with a pony, though. But Ayane doesn't need to know that."

    ay "What if the dolphin looked like the girl of your dreams? So basically, what if it looked like me?"

    if bonus == True:
        s "I’m not going to have sex with a dolphin, Ayane."
        ay "Well, that's good."
    else:
        s "I already said yes, Ayane."

    sa "I’m...going to get changed..."

    scene dolphinhome20
    with dissolve
    play sound "dooropen.mp3"

    "Sana quickly vanishes into Ami’s room and presumably strips down to her underwear."
    "I try to fantasize about it, but I keep landing back on that dolphin fact instead."
    "There’s no way that’s true, is it?"

    scene dolphinhome21
    with dissolve

    ay "Oh my. It appears the two of us are suddenly alone."
    s "Just because everyone else is in Ami’s room doesn’t mean we’re {i}alone{/i}, Ayane."
    ay "It’s not everyone, it’s just Sana."
    ay "Ami and Maya went to the convenience store to get snacks for tonight."
    s "Tonight? But the party is tomorrow."
    ay "Oh, she didn’t tell you?"
    ay "We’re all sleeping over and watching horror movies and stuff tonight."

    if sanadorm30 == True:
        s "I’m sure Sana is thrilled about that. She loves horror movies."

        scene dolphinhome22
        with dissolve

        ay "How...do you know that?"
        ay "That's not something she normally tells anyone."
        ay "Are you two getting closer or something?"
        s "It’s just...come up in conversation before."
        ay "I see..."

        scene dolphinhome23
        with dissolve

        ay "Well, either way..."

    ay "Did you want to maybe...watch some with us or something?"
    ay "Maya will probably complain about there not being enough room for all of us on the couch, but I don’t mind sitting on the floor if I have to."
    ay "I just want you to be there so I can hold your hand when I get scared and stuff."
    s "Are you actually going to get scared from watching a horror movie?"
    s "I have a hard time believing that for some reason."
    ay "Of course not. But I can pretend I am so no one will get mad at me when I jump on you."
    s "Well, sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but I actually have plans tonight."

    scene dolphinhome22
    with dissolve

    ay "Plans?"
    ay "What...kind of plans?"
    s "A friend of mine is having a Halloween party at her bar."
    ay "Her...bar?"

    scene dolphinhome24
    with dissolve

    ay "Are you..."
    ay "Friends with Sana’s mom now?..."

    "...Right."
    "Of course Ayane would be a little surprised to hear that."
    "All this time, she’s been under the impression that her and the rest of the girls are the only ones in my life."
    "It’s probably a bit of a shock hearing that there are others she doesn’t know about."
    "But as long as I downplay the fact that I’ve spent enough time with Sara to warrant going to her place for a Halloween party, I’m sure I can console Ayane to at least...some extent."

    s "I am."
    s "Just friends, though. So don’t worry."
    ay "Of course I’m going to worry. She’s really pretty."
    ay "She’s like a grown-up Sana and Sana is already super cute."
    ay "You’re telling me I need to compete with a grown woman now, too?"
    s "You’re not competing with anyone."
    s "You’ll always have a special place in my life, Ayane. There’s not really anyone that could replace you."

    "That might sound like a lie, but that much is actually true."
    "Sure, she might interpret that as “There is no one else I’m romantically involved with,” but what I really mean is that she’s like..."
    "The closest someone can get to being family without actually being family."
    "She’s here almost every day and has obsessed over me longer than anyone."
    "Even Ami took a little while to start showing her true colors. Ayane's been head over heels since the beginning."
    "So of course she has a special place in my heart."

    scene dolphinhome25
    with dissolve

    ay "When you say it like that...I really can’t worry at all, can I?"
    ay "That would just make me needy."
    ay "Can I text you all night?"
    s "Sure, but that also kind of makes you needy."
    ay "Can I text you after the movie, then?"

    if bonus == True:
        ay "Or, better yet, can I “sleepwalk” into your room in the middle of the night and sleep there with you?"
    else:
        ay "Or, better yet, send you unsolictited and funny photoshopped pictures of Ami's face on a variety of sumo wrestlers?"

    s "You can do whatever you want. I figured that’s what you’ll wind up doing anyway, so I’m at least grateful for the warning."

    scene dolphinhome26
    with dissolve

    ay "Heheh! It’s settled then!"

    if bonus == True:
        ay "You have fun at your party and there will be a special serving of Ayane that you can have all to yourself once you get home!"
    else:
        ay "Be ready for some awesome sumo Ami action!"

    s "Thanks. I’m looking forward to it."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    "Ami and Maya come home roughly twenty minutes later and immediately disappear into Ami’s room to finish her costume."
    "The sun is beginning to set, so I figure now is as good a time as any to start heading over to Sara’s."

    play sound "dooropen.mp3"

    "Without saying goodbye to anyone, I put my shoes back on and head out the door."
    "The first thing I notice when I step outside is the sudden lack of crying cicadas-"
    "And a breeze so cold I can feel my organs freeze."

    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ sana_love += 1
    $ ayane_love += 1
    $ halloween5 = True
    stop music fadeout 5.0

    "{i}Ayane’s affection has increased to [ayane_love]!{/i}"
    "{i}Sana’s affection has increased to [sana_love]!{/i}"
    "........."
    "......"
    "..."

label halloween6:
    scene nightsky
    with dissolve2
    play music "blueair.mp3"

    "My footsteps lead me down a familiar path."
    "I walk and I walk and I walk-"
    "And I look up the entire time."
    "I see stars."
    "The thing about the stars, especially on nights like this, is that they make all of our theories almost float away in a sense."
    "It makes me think-"
    "If there are things this beautiful, anything is possible."
    "It defies logic. "
    "It defies reason."
    "Yet, I still believe it while my head is raised. "

    s "..."

    "These aren’t my thoughts."

    play sound "static.mp3"
    scene mayabeach1
    with flash
    scene nightsky
    with flash
    stop sound

    "These are someone else’s thoughts. "
    "Someone who likes stars much more than I do."
    "To be honest, I don’t really care for them at all."
    "Or at least, I don’t think I do."
    "Do I?"
    "Did I?"
    "How did the old Sensei feel about stars?"
    "And did he also have problems wrapping his head around the borderline nonsensical theories that come with them?"
    "How can stars be beautiful?"
    "They’re just lights."
    "Just splotches of brightness in an otherwise empty sky, getting in the way of where the true beauty lies."
    "Beauty is buried behind everything. "
    "And so we must filter and push our way through waves of shit in order to get to it."
    "That’s right."
    "The stars are shit."
    "These are my thoughts."
    "I’m sorry, Maya."

    scene yumihalloween1
    with dissolve

    "Oh."
    "That’s strange."
    "Amidst the sea of stars, I {i}do{/i} manage to find something beautiful."

    y "What...are you doing here?"
    s "I’m on my way to the bar. What are {i}you{/i} doing here?"
    s "And what are you wearing?"

    scene yumihalloween2
    with dissolve

    y "What, am I not allowed to wear something different once it gets colder?"
    y "It’s fucking freezing tonight. "
    s "It’s cold but it’s not {i}that{/i} cold."
    y "I’m not...good with cold weather. Makes my skin all tight and dry and shit."
    s "Your hair is different too."

    scene yumihalloween3
    with dissolve

    y "Jesus, can I not change anything about the way I fucking look without you commenting on it?!"
    y "Don’t you have somewhere to be?!"
    s "Sorry. I was just thinking that it fits you."

    scene yumihalloween4
    with dissolve

    y "Course it fuckin’ fits me. Ponytails are boyish or sporty or whatever and I basically just act like a fucking guy, so..."
    y "Sorry for not being out here in a fucking dress."
    s "You should dress like this more often, Yumi."
    y "Can’t. Gets too fuckin' hot sometimes and I'm not good with heat either."
    s "So if you’re not good with the cold or the heat, what are you good with?"

    scene yumihalloween5
    with dissolve

    y "My fists."
    y "Now beat it."
    s "Intimidating."
    s "Are you going to fight me?"
    y "Are you going to leave me alone?"
    s "Probably not now that I’ve run into you."

    "I take a step closer to Yumi and notice her move back on the bench as soon as I do."
    "She winces as the feeling of cold wood seeps through her clothing and comes into contact with her back."
    "I stop moving closer."
    "I can’t blame her for reacting that way given our...No, {i}my{/i} history."

    scene yumihalloween6
    with dissolve

    y "Do whatever you want. Not like you ever fuckin’ listen to me anyway."
    s "I won’t stay long. I have a party to get to."

    scene yumihalloween7
    with dissolve

    y "Party? What kind of person is so lonely that they would invite {i}you{/i} to a party?"
    s "Just a few people my age. No one you really know."

    if streets15 == True:
        "Well...technically, she’s met Haruka before. But I’m not about to bring up the cafe again when I already know how upset she was about not getting that job."

    scene yumihalloween8
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        y "Hah. Yeah right. You hanging out with people your own age? I’m not falling for that."
    else:
        y "Hah. Yeah right. You hanging out with actual friends? I’m not falling for that."

    y "How fucking stupid do you think I am?"
    s "...No, I’m being serious."
    s "There won’t be a single [teenager] there."

    scene yumihalloween9
    with dissolve

    y "Holy shit, you actually {i}are{/i} being serious, aren’t you?"
    y "What the fuck is going on here? "
    s "I’m not as bad as you-"

    "I cut myself off when I realize that I {i}am{/i} as bad as she makes me out to be."
    "I need to stop saying things like that around Yumi."

    scene yumihalloween10
    with dissolve

    y "As bad as I {i}what{/i}?...Make you out to be?"
    y "Cause, yeah. You kind of are."
    s "And here I was hoping you wouldn’t have been able to finish that sentence."
    y "Well how else would it have fucking ended?"
    s "I don’t know. But at least I tried, right?"

    if bonus == True:
        y "Still, though. You and people your own age having a Halloween party? Don’t you think that’s a little out of character?"
        y "Shouldn’t you be at home sniffing your [niece]’s laundry or something?"
        s "I’ll have you know I have not done that even once. "
    else:
        y "Still, though. You and other {i}real{/i} people having a Halloween party? Don’t you think that’s a little out of character?"

    s "And what about you? Shouldn’t you be out with Chika trying on Halloween costumes or something?"

    scene yumihalloween11
    with dissolve

    y "I’m not going to wear a fucking Halloween costume. I’m not a kid anymore."
    s "And Chika is? "
    y "No, but Chika is a fucking popular-ass people-person and does {i}all{/i} of that trendy shit."
    y "Things like that aren’t meant for people like me."
    y "Besides, don’t even know what the fuck I’d dress up as in the first place."
    y "Everyone’s probably just going to look slutty as fuck anyway."

    "Based on how the two costumes I’ve seen so far have been a full suit of armor and a dolphin, I highly doubt that is going to be the case."

    s "Are you going to come to the party at least? "
    y "Are you?"
    s "I am."
    y "Then no, I’m good."
    s "Would you have gone if I told you I wasn’t going?"
    y "..."
    s "..."

    scene yumihalloween12
    with dissolve

    y "Probably not."
    y "I don’t see why it matters, though. "
    y "Chika would be the only one excited to see me there. Everyone else would probably just feel awkward or scared or some shit."
    s "Probably. But whose fault is that?"
    y "Oh, definitely mine. I won’t argue with that at all."
    y "But it’s not like just showing up and being all like, “Hey guys! Happy Halloween!” is going to change anyone’s opinion of me."
    y "I’ve made my bed and now I’ve gotta fuckin’ lay in it."
    s "Sure, but isn’t tomorrow also your birthday? Missing out on a party {i}and{/i} being alone for your birthday sounds pretty sad, I won’t lie."

    scene yumihalloween13
    with dissolve

    y "Wh-"
    y "Why do you know about my birthday?!"

    scene yumihalloween14
    with dissolve

    y "Did...Did Chika fucking tell you?! I’ll fucking kill her."
    s "What’s wrong with me knowing your birthday?"
    s "Afraid I’m going to throw a surprise party for you or something?"

    if bonus == True:
        y "No! I just don’t want you going home and thinking “Wow, I’m getting closer to Yumi! I know her birthday! Maybe she’ll suck me off soon!” or something."
    else:
        y "No! I just don’t want you going home and thinking “Wow, I’m getting closer to Yumi! I know her birthday! Maybe it's okay to hug now!” or something."

    s "How are those things connected at all?"

    scene yumihalloween15
    with dissolve

    y "Everything is connected, you fucking moron."
    y "If you learn something about someone, intentional or not, you’re going to wind up thinking that you’re getting closer to them."
    y "Then those thoughts fucking snowball and just roll all over any other thoughts you have until the ball gets so fuckin’ big that you feel like you’re a part of it."
    y "But I don’t wanna be a fuckin’ snowball and I don’t want you to think any more about me than you already do."
    y "Which is probably a lot because you’re a fucking creep."
    s "Do you think of {i}me{/i} often, Yumi?"

    scene yumihalloween16
    with dissolve

    y "Oh please. The second I start thinking about you for more than five seconds a day, I’m just going to kill myself."
    s "Afraid of the snowball effect?"

    scene yumihalloween3
    with dissolve

    y "So what if I am?!"
    y "Besides, birthdays are fucking stupid anyway. It’s not like it’s an actual holiday or anything."
    y "Not everyone wants to be the center of fucking attention. Some people just want to be left alone."
    s "And I’m assuming you’re one of those people?"

    scene yumihalloween16
    with dissolve

    y "Oh gee, I wonder what gave you that idea?"
    y "It’s not like I literally spend my entire life hiding away from everyone or anything."
    s "You don’t seem to ever hide away from Futaba."
    y "Kinda hard to when she’s the size of-"
    s "Yumi."

    scene yumihalloween17
    with dissolve

    y "..."

    "Yumi decides against finishing her sentence, and I doubt it's because I stopped her."
    "I’m not sure if she genuinely feels bad or if she’s just holding back because Futaba isn’t around, but I’m glad to see that she’s willing to at least try to contain herself now."

    y "Habit."
    y "My bad."
    s "Don’t apologize to me. Apologize to her."
    y "Nah. I don’t regret any of the shit I’ve said. I just shouldn’t say as much of it."
    y "I’d get mad as fuck if someone was always makin’ fun of me. "
    y "But then again, I also wouldn’t just let that shit fly. "
    y "I’d actually do something about it. And she never fucking does anything."
    y "But there’s no use in talkin’ about someone who ain’t around. "
    y "..."
    s "..."
    y "This party thing you’re going to-"
    y "Is it close to the dorms?"
    s "Not really. Why?"
    y "Just wondering."
    s "..."

    "She wasn’t planning on asking me to walk her back, was she?"

    s "Are you going to stay out here much longer, Yumi? It’s kind of late, isn’t it?"
    y "Kind of, I guess. I don’t know. Haven’t really thought about it."
    s "Why do you always seem to be out and about in the middle of the night?"

    scene yumihalloween5
    with dissolve

    y "I could ask you the same fucking question."
    y "I feel like I can’t go anywhere anymore without you bumping into me like it’s part of some fucking script or something."
    y "It’s like the fucking city itself keeps trying to force us together and not realizing that I hate your fucking guts."
    s "You think the city is somehow responsible for all of these chance encounters?"

    scene yumihalloween18
    with dissolve

    y "What else would it be?"
    y "God?"
    y "Fate?"
    y "Neither of those things are real."
    y "So saying that Kumon-fucking-mi is responsible is as good a guess as any."
    y "Whatever is responsible, though, I want it to stop."
    y "I miss all of the peace and quiet I used to get before you started getting all..."
    y "However you are now."
    s "What do you mean by that?"
    y "..."

    scene yumihalloween19
    with dissolve

    y "If I ask you something really fucking weird, will you promise not to laugh at me?"
    s "It really depends on how weird the question is."
    s "Any reason you suddenly want to ask?"
    y "Just...something I’ve been wondering."
    y "But on second thought, it would probably make me sound insane and I probably already look fucking weird being out here alone in the middle of the night."
    y "So never mind."
    s "Yumi, just ask-"

    scene yumihalloween20
    with dissolve

    y "Have you, like..."
    y "Lost...some of your memories or something?"
    s "..."
    y "..."

    scene black
    stop music

    "///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////"

    y "Um..."
    y "S-"
    y "Sensei?..."

    play music "sweetervermouth.mp3"
    play sound "static.mp3"
    scene tree3
    with flash

    "//////MULTIPLE ERRORS DETECTED IN TERMINAL 23"
    "//////RESET NECESSARY TO RESUME STANDARD OPERATIONS"
    "//////USER2 IS NOW CONTROLLING TERMINAL 23"
    "//////..."
    "//////..."
    "//////..."
    "//////USER2 LACKS THE PERMISSIONS NECESSARY TO RESET SYSTEM"
    "//////PLEASE ENSURE ALL WIRES ARE PROPERLY CONNECTED BEFORE TRYING AGAIN"
    "//////..."
    "//////..."
    "//////..."
    "//////USER2 LACKS THE PERMISSIONS NECESSARY TO RESET SYSTEM"
    "//////TERMINAL 23 IS NOW LOCKED"
    "//////CONTACT ADMINISTRATOR FOR ADDITIONAL ASSISTANCE"
    "//////TERMINATING CURRENT PROCESS AND REROUTING TO THE NEXT AVAILABLE PATH"

    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ halloween6 = True
    stop music

label halloween7:
    play sound "static.mp3"
    scene milfparty1
    with flash
    stop sound

    "I show up at the bar and-"
    "Wait, what?"

    play music "letsfuckingo.mp3"

    sar "Sensei! Over here!"

    "Sara slumps over the bar counter with a drink in her hand, likely already tipsy- if not worse."
    "Or better, depending on how you look at it."
    "I’m not sure how late I am but it was clearly enough time for her to start drinking without me."

    scene milfparty2
    with dissolve

    sar "What took you so long? I’ve been waiting all night~"
    s "How long has the party been going on?"
    sar "Almost a whoooooooole hour~"
    s "Oh. That’s it?"
    k "This establishment confuses me."
    k "The lights are blue and everyone appears to be aroused."
    k "You have inserted me into a strange situation, Friend."

    scene milfparty3
    with dissolve

    sar "Hey! How’d ya get Kaori to come cover the bar?"
    sar "You two good friends or somethin’?"
    sar "She’s reallyyyy cute, right? Don’t ya just wanna eat'erup?"

    scene milfparty4
    with dissolve

    k "Friend does not consume human beings, the Sara. He only collects the small ones and sells them through his various connections."
    s "Neither of these things are true."
    sar "Hehe~ You’re so funny, Kaori. You should come work here all the time."
    sar "My daughter would love you~ She could use a cool big sister. "
    sar "Other than me, I mean~"
    k "I hope you were less intoxicated when you decided to procreate. "
    k "It is a bad thing to make a child when there is so much dizzy-fluid involved."
    sar "Heheh~ How much do you know about making children, Kaori?"
    sar "Is there a boyfriend I should know about?"

    scene milfparty5
    with dissolve

    k "Wha?! B-Boyfriend?! Never!"

    if bonus == True:
        k "I would not be able to maintain so many jobs if I had to devote myself to a male companion!"
        sar "Suuuure, but then whaddya do about sex? Have anybody you like to fool around with?"

    scene milfparty6
    with dissolve

    k "Y-You did not inform me the Sara was so vulgar! I was not prepared for this line of questioning!"
    s "She’s just drunk. Don’t pay attention to her."

    scene milfparty7
    with dissolve

    sar "If she’s not gonna pay attention to me, {i}someone{/i} has to. It would be rude to make me feel all lonely in my own b